_pages/homepage.md, before:

---
title: Arm NN and Compute Library
description: Arm NN and Compute Library.
permalink: /
keywords:
  - Arm NN
  - Arm Compute
  - Machine Learning
  - AI/ML
js-package: home
css_bundle: home
layout: flow
jumbotron:
  style: text-center
  title: Machine Learning Platform
  description: Arm NN and Compute Library
  image: /assets/images/content/ml-banner.jpg
  include: jumbotron-home.html
flow:
  - row: container_row
    style: text-center
    sections:
      - format: title
        title_content:
          size: h2
          text: What is the machine learning platform?
      - format: text
        text_content:
          text: >-
            The machine learning platform is part of the [Linaro Artificial
            Intelligence
            Initiative](https://www.linaro.org/news/linaro-announces-launch-of-machine-intelligence-initiative/)
            and is the home for Arm NN and Compute Library – open-source
            software libraries that optimise the execution of machine learning
            (ML) workloads on Arm-based processors.


            It enables a new era of advanced, ultra-efficient inference at the edge. Specifically designed for machine learning and

            neural network (NN) capabilities, the architecture is versatile enough to scale to any device, from the Internet of

            Things (IoT) to connected cars and servers.
      - format: image
        style: null
        alt: NN Frameworks flow chart image
        size: "8"
        path: /assets/images/content/NN-frameworks20190814.png
      - format: text
        text_content:
          text: Linaro’s Artificial Intelligence Initiative brings companies together to
            develop the best-in-class Deep Learning performance by leveraging
            Neural network acceleration in IP and SoCs from the Arm ecosystem.
            To find out more about joining the initiative as a member, go to
            [https://www.linaro.org/engineering/artificial-intelligence/](https://www.linaro.org/engineering/artificial-intelligence/).
  - row: container_row
    style: text-center
    sections:
      - format: title
        title_content:
          size: h2
          text: Why choose the machine learning platform?
      - format: text
        text_content:
          text: >-
            The machine learning platform libraries – Arm NN and Arm Compute
            Library – bridge the gap between existing neural network (NN)
            frameworks, such as TensorFlow, TensorFlow Lite, Caffe and ONNX, and
            the underlying IP.


            They enable efficient translation of these NN frameworks, allowing them to run efficiently – without modification – across Arm Cortex-A CPUs, Arm Mali GPUs and the Arm ML processor.
      - format: image
        style: null
        alt: ML Platform flow chart image
        size: 8
        path: /assets/images/content/ml-home-graphic.png
  - row: container_row
    style: text-center
    sections:
      - format: image
        style: null
        alt: Technical Overview Icon
        size: 4
        path: /assets/images/content/technical-overview.png
      - format: title
        title_content:
          size: h2
          text: Technical Overview
      - format: text
        text_content:
          text: "Find more information on the machine learning platform projects from the
            existing Arm developer websites:"
      - format: buttons
        buttons_content:
          - title: Arm NN
            url: https://developer.arm.com/technologies/compute-library
            style: btn-primary
          - title: Compute Library
            url: https://developer.arm.com/technologies/compute-library
            style: btn-primary
---

Commit message:

Add Arm ML Inference Advisor landing page
Signed-off-by: Annie Tallund <annie.tallund@arm.com>

_pages/homepage.md, after:

---
title: Arm NN, Compute Library and Arm MLIA
description: Arm NN, Compute Library and Arm MLIA.
permalink: /
keywords:
  - Arm NN
  - Arm Compute
  - Machine Learning
  - AI/ML
js-package: home
css_bundle: home
layout: flow
jumbotron:
  style: text-center
  title: Machine Learning Platform
  description: Arm NN, Compute Library and Arm MLIA.
  image: /assets/images/content/ml-banner.jpg
  include: jumbotron-home.html
flow:
  - row: container_row
    style: text-center
    sections:
      - format: title
        title_content:
          size: h2
          text: What is the machine learning platform?
      - format: text
        text_content:
          text: >-
            The machine learning platform is part of the [Linaro Artificial
            Intelligence
            Initiative](https://www.linaro.org/news/linaro-announces-launch-of-machine-intelligence-initiative/)
            and is the home for Arm NN and Compute Library – open-source
            software libraries that optimise the execution of machine learning
            (ML) workloads on Arm-based processors. It also hosts the Arm ML Inference Advisor (Arm MLIA), a tool
            to make optimisation efforts across Arm available to developers with varying backgrounds.


            It enables a new era of advanced, ultra-efficient inference at the edge. Specifically designed for machine learning and

            neural network (NN) capabilities, the architecture is versatile enough to scale to any device, from the Internet of

            Things (IoT) to connected cars and servers.
      - format: image
        style: null
        alt: NN Frameworks flow chart image
        size: "8"
        path: /assets/images/content/NN-frameworks20190814.png
      - format: text
        text_content:
          text: Linaro’s Artificial Intelligence Initiative brings companies together to
            develop the best-in-class Deep Learning performance by leveraging
            Neural network acceleration in IP and SoCs from the Arm ecosystem.
            To find out more about joining the initiative as a member, go to
            [https://www.linaro.org/engineering/artificial-intelligence/](https://www.linaro.org/engineering/artificial-intelligence/).
  - row: container_row
    style: text-center
    sections:
      - format: title
        title_content:
          size: h2
          text: Why choose the machine learning platform?
      - format: text
        text_content:
          text: >-
            The machine learning platform libraries – Arm NN and Arm Compute
            Library – bridge the gap between existing neural network (NN)
            frameworks, such as TensorFlow, TensorFlow Lite, Caffe and ONNX, and
            the underlying IP.


            They enable efficient translation of these NN frameworks, allowing them to run efficiently – without modification – across Arm Cortex-A CPUs, Arm Mali GPUs and the Arm ML processor.

            Additionally, the Arm MLIA provides insights on how ML models will perform on Arm early in the model development cycle.
      - format: image
        style: null
        alt: ML Platform flow chart image
        size: 8
        path: /assets/images/content/ml-home-graphic.png
  - row: container_row
    style: text-center
    sections:
      - format: image
        style: null
        alt: Technical Overview Icon
        size: 4
        path: /assets/images/content/technical-overview.png
      - format: title
        title_content:
          size: h2
          text: Technical Overview
      - format: text
        text_content:
          text: "Find more information on the machine learning platform projects from the
            existing Arm developer websites:"
      - format: buttons
        buttons_content:
          - title: Arm NN
            url: https://developer.arm.com/technologies/compute-library
            style: btn-primary
          - title: Compute Library
            url: https://developer.arm.com/technologies/compute-library
            style: btn-primary
          - title: Arm ML Inference Advisor
            url: https://pypi.org/project/mlia/
            style: btn-primary
---
